h1. Package Installer Plugin

Install cakephp packages (plugins, applications, utilities) using this plugin. VERY BETA, NOT FUNCTIONAL IN THE SLIGHTEST.

h2. Background

I originally built the "Github Plugin Plugin":https://github.com/josegonzalez/cakephp-github-plugin-plugin about two years ago, while experimenting with installing plugins from github. Then I built "CakePackages":http://cakepackages.com, which is a cakephp plugin, application, and utility indexer. And now I'm releasing this, so you can install cakephp-related code at will.

h2. Requirements

* PHP 5 >= 5.2.0 or PECL json >= 1.2.0
* CakePHP 1.3
* Internet (if you want to install/search for packages)
* Patience
* GIT for package installation. No other (D)VCS systems are supported atm.

h2. Installation

_[Manual]_

# Download this: http://github.com/josegonzalez/package_installer/zipball/master
# Unzip that download.
# Copy the resulting folder to app/plugins
# Rename the folder you just copied to @[PLUGIN_NAME]@

_[GIT Submodule]_

In your app directory type:
<pre><code>git submodule add git://github.com/josegonzalez/package_installer.git plugins/package_installer
git submodule init
git submodule update
</code></pre>

_[GIT Clone]_

In your plugin directory type
<pre><code>git clone git://github.com/josegonzalez/package_installer.git package_installer</code></pre>

h2. Usage

<pre><code>Welcome to CakePHP v1.3.4 Console
---------------------------------------------------------------
App : app
Path: /Users/jose/Sites/repositories/cakepackages/app
---------------------------------------------------------------
Package Installer Shell
---------------------------------------------------------------
Usage: cake package
       cake package app
       cake package installed
       cake package verify
       cake package rebuild
       cake package search
       cake package show package_name
       cake package install package_name
       cake package install maintainer_name/package_name
       cake package install maintainer_name/package_name -version 1.0
       cake package install maintainer_name/package_name -alias package_alias
       cake package install maintainer_name/package_name -dir global
       cake package install maintainer_name/package_name -source github
       cake package remove package_name
       cake package remove package_name -alias true
       cake package remove maintainer_name/package_name
</code></pre>

h2. Todo

* Package verification
* Package installation
* Package removal
* Listing all installed packages
* Persisting menu so the shell doesn't auto-quit
* Web interface

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2011 Jose Diaz-Gonzalez

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.